---
title: "6 Special Personality Traits of Loners"

description: ""

og_image: ""

header:
  image: ""
  teaser: ""

author_profile: false

amazon_affiliate_disclaimer: false
---

Somehow, you prefer to have few friends, to spend time with your own, to feel and read yourself, you just don't want to share all your life details with people around, you are very picky with whom you choose to become close with, all happens because you are a loner, you like to be alone.

Being a loner doesn't mean you're lonely and sad, desperate and depressed, ignored and unacceptable. Being a " loner " is a way of living; "loners" can find peace and tranquility late night, with their cup of hot coffee and a piece of dark chocolate, setting in a balcony and just enjoying the look of the stars, and the smell of the night, they can feel more in touch with themselves and their soul. They always avoid loud voices and noisy people.

And Because you're a " loner ", you should be having these 6 special personality traits:

Empathetic: loners are able to feel others feelings. Not everyone can do, but only those very special people, called loners  can really understand your feelings and sorrows.

Loyalty: they are the most loyal friends you'll ever have, they will give you everything whenever you need it.

They believe in imperfection: they always do what they feel it would be right for themselves and for their entourage. They're completely honest with themselves and accept themselves as they are.   

Time is time: loners are well aware that the best way to improve success in life is time. They're never late.
They draw limits: they always respect the others limits, and expect the same respect in return. Once you cross those limits, they will let you know.

Open-minded: They enjoy the company of themselves over others, but also, they are very open-minded, and are always constantly up for new adventures and activities.

Level-headed: When it's about challenges, loners are strong willed individuals, they know how to manage such situations.

Self-awareness: Becoming aware of one's self is a very difficult talk to achieve, that's what the loners can do, very easily. 
